there are two examples of some citrus
this here is a Miwa kumquat it's
supposed to be a little bit sweeter
rounders and in shape than the Nogami
and you pretty much eat the whole thing
the rind and all you just put this whole
thing in your mouth this here is a
Eustace lime Kwok which is the cross
between a Mexican key lime and a kumquat
this is interesting let's see what these
look like inside
there's a pretty good amount of seeds
for the size of it
mm-hmm
I guess it's it's supposed to be a
little bit more hard here than the key
line but you get the same flavor
I guess it's difficult to grow key lime
in cold areas this here it has this one
here's just one seed when we pop this
whole thing in my mouth okay so the the
skins a little bit more sweeter so the
skin sort of offsets the sourness of the
inside and the skin is definitely then
enough to eat we can just eat the whole
thing I mean these are pretty good but
these are good
you could you could candy these would be
good for candying I might try that or
marmalade I might see if I can make a
mama laid from these that's if my plant
survived hmm these are pretty good stop
my used to slime quad is even sicker
than my Miwok kumquat say that ten times
fast so I'll do a video on the Eustace
lime Claude show you the condition and
the symptoms that it has basically the
leaves just dried up and fallen off but
I really don't have died back yet on the
branches so that's a little bit
different than the symptoms of the Miwa
kumquat so let's see what happens with
those two plants but this is what the
fruit looks like and I have to figure
out what I'm going to do with these well
thanks for watching my video
you